# Twist-It
  The gameplay of the video game is very simple yet interactive. The primary objective of the game is to try and keep the ball on the platforms as long as you can while you approach several types of obstacles along the way. In this time-sensitive game, the player score goes up as the ball is still on the platforms. As various types of challenges arise, the player must move the ball left or right in order to survive the tricky course. If the player is unable to dodge the obstacles and maneuver the ball to safe platforms, the ball will fall off the edge. The high score is being recorded at all times and gives the player a target to achieve. The ball can be moved left and right in order to pass through the platforms, and if the ball falls, then the game is restarted.

  In terms of the aesthetics, the team wanted to implement the design in a simple yet elegant manner. Instead of overpopulating the game scenes with lots of unnecessary details, the team decided to have unique scenes with clear UI. The game has to invoke some sensory critical thinking process that the player must use in order to be successful. The design is set to a moderate difficulty. As the level progresses, there are more difficult obstacles that come into play. This game is perfect for any player, regardless of their gameplay skill level. Furthermore, the game has a beautiful fluid animation that enables immersive 3D gameplay that affects the aesthetic aspect substantially. If the player fails, the aesthetic appeal invokes some sort of frustration in them--which consequently results in more attempts in the game and keeping the player hooked. 

  The technology aspect was designing the game in Unity. Previously, the team had collaborated on 2D projects but for this game, 3D modeling and physics were utilized. The game was built on Unity 5.6 and tested on various builds in order to analyze the results. The powerful Unity 5.6 3D engine provided a strong support towards the design and build of this game. 
  
  The online version of the game can be accessed at http://marcuscasey.com/CS328/G2/index.html
